I love it
hey guys CiCi's so today I have a super
exciting black school video for you guys
and this is a hats for school baby oh
these are very helpful and useful
throughout school year so I decided to
help you guys I hope you guys enjoy this
video mission guys if this review and
thumbs up and let's see if you guys can
get this video to 750 thumbs up and I'll
be super awesome and thank you guys so
much for 17,000 subscribers that it's
great crazy and I'm super grateful to
have 17,000 of you guys comment down
below which one of these are your
favorites because I want to know who's
also a collab with the beauty by Taylor
she's doing a bad school video too so
check her out so no further ado let's
just get started in the video so like
back number one is my favorite because I
use this all the time so using colorful
pins highlighting is very useful and
using sticky notes and putting it on the
side after writing facts and stuff will
really help this next live fact will be
a life saver for you guys and so all you
need is washi tape you know how you guys
lose your pens and pencils so play washi
tape on the spots that you guys want and
if someone is using it and forgot to
give it back to you guys you guys will
know that's mine this like fact is one
of my favorites so grabbing your
chocolate or your favorite candy so mine
is just this Godiva salted caramel oh my
gosh I love this so putting it in each
paragraph or whatever you reading will
motivate you to read the paragraph and
you get a reward for that and this is
very helpful to finish what you're
reading Oh
so for this next like sack I always do
this and it's very helpful and useful
and separate all your pens and pencils
and colorful pens so I'm using a very
bradley pencil bag and i've just got it
and i love this and it's a medium one so
just put it all in order and if you do
this every week it's just very helpful
and you see and lastly don't forget to
put it in your bag this life a quill or
is a lifesaver for everyone so gentle
habit of always writing down in your
planner in the beginning of class and
you guys won't ever forget one test and
homework or do because i'll be terrible
and lassie don't forget put it in your
bag okay
doesn't everyone always ask you for a
piece of gum every time you pull it out
yes they do
so this life hack will save you so
always have one empty one and one that's
not so you can eat it in when someone
asks just show them the empty one and
tell them you don't have any so this
like that is worked with the people who
put makeup on in the morning so before
night like the night before lay out all
your makeup and in order if so that'll
be easier and that will just help you
guys in the morning and not rush
guys are always light in the morning
like I am picking outfits take it your
outfits the night before and load them
all neatly and put it in the corner of
your bed and you're ready to go in the
morning
waking up in the morning can be really
hard to put your phone on the other side
of your bed so you're forced to get up
in the morning and also put an alarm on
on to your favorite song so you're also
waking up to your favorite songs in the
morning you can Jan - I hope you guys
are doing this video give this video a
thumbs up for your goal is 750 thumbs up
does he lose video thumbs up so I know
that you guys like life I see you down
below which life hacks was your favorite
and don't forget to check out beauty by
Taylor down below I will leave my that
school giveaway down below so you guys
can enter it cuz see you guys in my next
video